Add link to the sdk installer table (#19844)
dotnet/installer: README.md

## Repository Consolidation

Going forward, the .NET SDK team is using the [dotnet/sdk](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk) repository for further development and respond to issues formerly in this repository.

> The installers-and-binaries table can be found in [there](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/main/documentation/package-table#table) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For finding the latest installers table and other installation information, see the [Installing the SDK](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk#installing-the-sdk) section in that repository's readme.
```
